As a graduating senior majoring in Computer Science and Technology, I am at an age when I first feel the inconsistency between reality and fantasy. Yesterday, I went to a cybersecurity company for an interview for an internship position as a penetration testing engineer. I encountered two unprofessional interviewers who kept questioning my answers for various reasons and asking questions that were not within my knowledge scope. This made me feel extremely upset. My dream almost shattered at that moment.
I'm not gifted. I didn't attend kindergarten. At that age, I remember I always followed my parents to and from the farmland. After entering primary school, I gradually made many good friends. My home was about 5 kilometers away from the school, and I spent a pleasant childhood with my childhood friends on this road. But the good times didn't last long. When I entered junior high school, I started to live in a dormitory. Gradually, I drifted apart from my old friends and got close to people in the same dormitory. We went to the Internet cafes, watched movies, and played games together. I spent my junior high school years in that small dormitory. High school marked the beginning of my introverted personality. My old friends had all drifted away. Here, the students tried desperately to improve their grades. I also joined this wave of self-deception in learning knowledge. My life became a three-point line: sleeping, eating, and studying. In the blink of an eye, it was my senior year in high school. That year, I met my first love, the girl who made me love and hate her. Alas, the three years were over. I came to college, and with my parents' financial support, I got a laptop computer. It was black and very cool. I couldn't wait to sleep with the computer. Three years passed in a busy life. Last year, my laptop broke down. Like a fool, I replaced it with a lightweight notebook. Anyway, it's my senior year, and I should start looking for a job. After much hesitation, I chose the field of network security.
Life is full of setbacks, and there is no real success. I am a person with a solitary personality. I have established a network security team with only myself as a member. I don't know if this is good or bad. With the rise of artificial intelligence, I believe that any profession will be replaced, it's just a matter of time. The IT industry is no longer what it used to be. This is obvious. The number of unemployed people is increasing every year. I believe that something big will happen in the near future. Be prepared with a special skill, and let's wait and see.
